1.

was moving north west across the Gulf of Mexico with winds of about miles an hour.At least three people died on Sunday when Hurricane Andrew crossed the Bahamas.Dollars bn to Dollars bn Pounds .assess the costs accurately.of the Florida bill.Louisiana to the west of New Orleans possibly late last night or this morning.centre and a large lake immediately to the north.These included British Petroleum s Belle Chasse plant in Louisiana. miles south of Miami.storm was largely flattened including a local air force base.Miami s city centre escaped with relatively light damage.Group and the Allstate Insurance unit of Sears Roebuck.with American International Group.The mutually owned company has noreinsurance.reserves at about Dollars bn have made it unnecessary.Insurance Aetna and Travellers.total damage caused ranged between Dollars bn and Dollars bn.

2.

was moving north west across the Gulf of Mexico with winds of about miles an hour.from Pascagoula Mississippi to Galvestone Texas.Louisiana to the west of New Orleans possibly late last night or this morning.and Louisiana and several refineries were yesterday partially shut down.These included British Petroleum s Belle Chasse plant in Louisiana. miles south of Miami.storm was largely flattened including a local air force base.reserves at about Dollars bn have made it unnecessary.adjusters in to Florida late on Monday and was assessing losses. per cent of its commercial insurance premiums.cost the industry Dollars .total damage caused ranged between Dollars bn and Dollars bn.

3.

was moving north west across the Gulf of Mexico with winds of about miles an hour.Dollars bn to Dollars bn Pounds .New Orleans with a population of .storm was largely flattened including a local air force base.without power.with American International Group.reserves at about Dollars bn have made it unnecessary.Insurance Aetna and Travellers.total damage caused ranged between Dollars bn and Dollars bn.

4.

threatened a further devastating landfall near the city of New Orleans.was moving north west across the Gulf of Mexico with winds of about miles an hour. bn Pounds bn of damage.assess the costs accurately.of the Florida bill.New Orleans with a population of .centre and a large lake immediately to the north.and Louisiana and several refineries were yesterday partially shut down.These included British Petroleum s Belle Chasse plant in Louisiana. miles south of Miami.Miami s city centre escaped with relatively light damage.without power.with American International Group.roughly per cent of the Florida market.The mutually owned company has noreinsurance.reserves at about Dollars bn have made it unnecessary.Insurance Aetna and Travellers.adjusters in to Florida late on Monday and was assessing losses. per cent of its commercial insurance premiums.

